new datasource `azurerm_stack_hci_cluster` (#24032)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/stack_hci_cluster.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "Azure Stack HCI"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_stack_hci_cluster"
description: |-
  Gets information about an existing Azure Stack HCI Cluster.
---

# Data Source: azurerm_stack_hci_cluster

Use this data source to access information about an existing Azure Stack HCI Cluster instance.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "azurerm_stack_hci_cluster" "example" {
  name                = "existing"
  resource_group_name = "existing"
}

output "id" {
  value = data.azurerm_stack_hci_cluster.example.id
}

output "location" {
  value = data.azurerm_stack_hci_cluster.example.location
}

output "client_id" {
  value = data.azurerm_stack_hci_cluster.example.client_id
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Azure Stack HCI Cluster. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
> 
> * `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Stack HCI Cluster should exist. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of the Azure Stack HCI Cluster.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Azure Stack HCI Cluster exists. 
```
